3OH!3 - Touchin' On My.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iGQ2JydtRk
3OH!3 feat. Ke$ha - My First Kiss.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYC2FUutdKA
Abel - Onderweg.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KYJDwlLquA
Agnes Obel - Riverside.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjncyiuwwXQ
Akon feat. Eminem - Smack That.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54
Aladdin - Prince Ali.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9vsbVHvIss
Alan Walker & Ava Max - Alone Pt. II.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhjHYkPQ8F0
Alan Walker K-391 & Emelie Hollow - Lily.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdeS5AkZLhE
Alan Walker Sabrina Carpenter and Farruko - On My Way [DUET].txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhYOPzcsbGM
Alessia Cara - How Far I'll Go.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNra8eK0K6k
Alestorm - Drink.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f55CqLc6IR0
Amaranthe - The Nexus.txt
https://youtu.be/SxOybZcRXhI
Amika - Amika.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sofyiCb2sJo
Amika - Het Is Zomer.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i23UnJ0ef_E
Andre Van Duin - Er Staat Een Paard In De Gang.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oh9-5qD1tw
Andy Borg - Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M069q3E2caI
Anubis - Het Geheim.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YytCiUSRBCM
Anubis - Het Huis Anubis.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET-Eoiq8-js
Anubis - Het Pad Der Zeven Zonden.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YzLmnnj73g
Apocalyptica feat. Ville Valo and Lauri Ylonen - Bittersweet.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAdDkFx0_6o
Aqua - Roses are Red.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrgCGtMFeyU
AURORA - Murder Song (5 4 3 2 1).txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTwdGRHl5Mw
AURORA - Running With The Wolves.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06ht9MyJLT4
Ava Max - Kings & Queens.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH1RNk8954Q
Ava Max - Salt.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKWHYLtmAGA
Ava Max - Torn.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBmWvvTV0P4
Avantasia - Blowing Out The Flame.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knTEhWjZ7Vc
Avantasia - Lost in Space.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o26SlmROH5Q
Avantasia - Neverland.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q13pXa4SB2I
Avantasia - No Return.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqebhllNMqM
Avantasia - Reach Out For The Light.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouqqDSO6BHw
Axelle Red - Sensualit√©.txt
https://youtu.be/iXKkxZ7U-lo
Bad Lip Reading - Bushes Of Love [DUET].txt
https://youtu.be/RySHDUU2juM
Bad Lip Reading - Bushes Of Love.txt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM